Manual/Instructions for Legendary LBI v1.01 in BETA RELEASE.

Install Visual Studio 2019/2022 and Open the VS .sln Project File called "LegendaryLBI", if you're using an _premium edition_ it should be called **4c6567656e646172794c4249.** Once you open the project file (.sln), get updated addresses, conventions, globals, etc. These can be found by using IDA (Interactive Disassembler), or a c++ based address dumper. Replace the old addresses with the new updated addresses, conventions, globals, ints, etc. Your compiling target should be Debug, x86 (if you want a low sized dll, compile in release x86 and find the root of release). Debug is normal so choose that, and modify the entry (strings, pipe, etc). Press Ctrl + B to build the DLL and find the directory.

Build a UI form in Windows App Form in C#(sharp) .NET framework 6 or higher. Use a DLL Injecting Method into a Process or Find one (like Axon, etc). It must use new thread() inside of the pipe execution code (C#). Call the DLL's directory: string DLL = "LegendaryLBI.dll"; and string 'DLL' would now be injected into ROBLOX's game process. Run the UI you developed, open a ROBLOX game process, then launch/attach the DLL. A console should be opened when injected (normally 1-4 seconds). The console will tell you the DLL status, etc. If the console does not open, check to see if your PC is Windows 10 x64 or x86, using at least 8GB of ram and VS installed. Check if C++ is installed as well. Your ready, exrcute your first script.
